Simple Storage Service (S3) 101
======

How to create an S3 bucket and configure it with Server Side Encryption with S3 Managed Keys (SSE-S3).


Steps
===

  1.  Login the AWS console
  2.  Under "Storage" click the S3 link
  3.  Click "Create Bucket" button
  4.  Enter a unique name and click next
  5.  Click the "Create" button (bottom left)
  6.  In the "S3" dashboard, click the link for the newly created bucket
  7.  Click the "Upload" button
  8.  In the "Upload" dialog, click the "Add Files" button
  9.  Select a file from your machine
  10. In the "Upload" dialog, click the "Upload" button (lower left)
  11. The files should now be visible in the "Overview" tab of your S3 bucket
  
  [Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/21QKlUk.png)
  
  12. Select the file and then click the "More" drop-down and click "Make public"
  13. In the "Make Public" pop-up click the "Make public" button
  15. Click the "Properties" tab
  16. Click "Default encryption"
  17. Select "AES-256"
  18. Click "Save" 
  
    
Review Questions
====

  1.  What region does the S3 service reside in?
  2.  Why can't you create an S3 bucket called "testbucket"?
  3.  What are 3 properties that can be configured on an S3 bucket?
  4.  What are bucket tags used for?
  5.  If you successfully upload a file to S3 via the commandline, what HTTP status code is returned?
  6.  What are the default permissions on files uploaded S3?
  7.  What are three types of permissions granted on S3 uploaded files?
  8.  What does "IA" stand for?
  9.  What is another name for the "Public Access" group?
  10. What are the 3 storage classes for S3 files/objects?
  11. What are the 2 types of encryption offered by S3?
  12. What are the 3 types of Server Side encryption offered by S3?
  13. When you upload a file what property stores the file type details?
  14. Do objects within a bucket inherit the bucket's tags?
  15. What is the minimum size of an S3 file?
  16. What are the 2 ways to control access to your bucket?
  17. By default what are the permissions on a bucket and its contents?
  

Answers
====

  1.  Its a global DNS service. It doesn't reside in any one region even though the objects that a bucket contain do 
      reside in a specific region. 
  2.  Its not unique.
  3.  Versioning, Logging, and Tags
  4.  Tags can be used to track costs against projects or other criteria
  5.  200
  6.  private
  7.  Owner, Other AWS Accounts, Public
  8.  Infrequent Access
  9.  Everyone
  10. Standard, Standard IA, Reduced Redundancy
  11. Client Side and Server Side
  12. Server Side Encryption with S3 Managed Keys (SSE-S3)
      Server Side Encryption with KMS (SSE-KMS)
      Server Side Encryption with Customer Provided Keys (SSE-C)
  13. Metadata
  14. No
  15. 0 bytes
  16. Access Control Lists (ACLs) or Bucket Policies
  17. By default, buckets are private and all objects stored inside them are private
  
  
  
     
